Privacy Policy

This privacy policy governs the manner in which our website collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the website.

Information we collect

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, and other personal information.

Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about Users' means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.

How we use collected information

Our website may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

    To improve customer service
    To personalize user experience
    To improve our site
    To send periodic emails
    To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature

How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.

Changes to this privacy policy

Our website has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at privacy@pasiradio.fi .

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 5.5.2023.
